Update migration 11-12 guide (#336)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/migrations/11-12.md

	},
};
```

### Update ES Lint config

**Migration time: ~10min.**

Depending on the state the project is in, you might need to allocate some time for fixing errors and warnings after updating the coding standards.

ESLint configuration has been updated in Frontend libs 12 and a new build config was added.

To implement the changes, follow these steps:

1. Delete the `.eslintrc.js`  and `.eslintignore` files from the theme root (if they exist)

2. Add `eslint.config.mjs` file to the theme root with the following content:
```js
import config from '@eightshift/frontend-libs/linters/eslint.config.mjs';

export default [{
    ignores: ["public/**/*.js"],
}, ...config];
```

3. Add a `.swcrc` file to theme root with the following content:

> ```json

Reviewer: remove this part and replace it with the link from the f libs
https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/blob/main/.swcrrc 

we will add the necessary files to the repo as they are missing at this point

	},
};
```

### Update ES Lint config

**Migration time: ~10min.**

Depending on the project current state you might need to account for time spent fixing errors and warnings produced by the new ES Lint settings so the migration time may vary.

ES Lint configuration has been updated. To make sure everything works with the new version update the project node version to 20 or higher and update the ES Lint configuration. The steps are described below.

1. Delete the `.eslintrc.js`  and `.eslintignore` files from the theme root.

2. Add `eslint.config.mjs` file to the theme root with the following content:

> ```js

Reviewer: don't add the exact code here as if something changes we need to update this guide. Add a link where they can see the code and copy it

Author: If you are referring to the Eightshift Frontend Libs config [eslint.config.mjs](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/blob/main/eslint.config.mjs) file this example is different as it includes the ignore pattern which replaces the values from the `.eslintignore` deprecated file

Reviewer: well if this needs to be added in the config we should add it. @goranalkovic-infinum please check if this needs to be added

Reviewer 2: @iruzevic We should replace the files in the default setup (standard version), but it should also stay in the guide since you won't have those files on existing projects.

import config from '@eightshift/frontend-libs/linters/eslint.config.mjs';

export default [{
    ignores: ["public/**/*.js"],
}, ...config];
```

> 3. Install the required dependencies:

Reviewer: you should not need to add this as this is part of the flibs

```bash
npm install @eslint/js -D
npm install @eslint/eslintrc -D
```

> 4. Add `.swcrc` to theme root with the following content:

Reviewer: the same as point 2

Author: Haven't found this, could you please provide the example URL?

```json
{
	"jsc": {
		"parser": {
			"syntax": "ecmascript",
			"jsx": true,
			"decorators": false,
			"dynamicImport": true
		}
	}
}
```

> 5. Make sure the project is using `node` version 20 or higher. If you are deploying with GitHub actions you will need to update to `node: [22.x]` version in deploy config files:\

Reviewer: deploy process is not the part of the generic 8shift setup and any one can use this as is. You can leave the part for the node version but remove all the mentions of the deploy process

> Depending on the project current state you might need to account for time spent fixing errors and warnings produced by the new ES Lint settings so the migration time may vary.
> 
> ES Lint configuration has been updated. To make sure everything works with the new version update the project node version to 20 or higher and update the ES Lint configuration. The steps are described below.
> 
> 1. Delete the `.eslintrc.js`  and `.eslintignore` files from the theme root.
> 
> 2. Add `eslint.config.mjs` file to the theme root with the following content:
> ```js
> import config from '@eightshift/frontend-libs/linters/eslint.config.mjs';
> 
> export default [{
>     ignores: ["public/**/*.js"],
> }, ...config];
> ```
> 
> 3. Install the required dependencies:
> ```bash
> npm install @eslint/js -D
> npm install @eslint/eslintrc -D
> ```
> 
> 4. Add `.swcrc` to theme root with the following content:
> ```json
> {
> 	"jsc": {
> 		"parser": {
> 			"syntax": "ecmascript",
> 			"jsx": true,
> 			"decorators": false,
> 			"dynamicImport": true
> 		}
> 	}
> }
> ```
> 
> 5. Make sure the project is using `node` version 20 or higher. If you are deploying with GitHub actions you will need to update to `node: [22.x]` version in deploy config files:\
> `/.github/workflows/deploy.yml`\
> `/.github/workflows/quality.yml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the state the project is in, you might need to allocate some time for fixing errors and warnings after updating the coding standards.

ESLint configuration has been updated in Frontend libs 12 and a new build config was added.

To implement the changes, follow these steps:

1. Delete the `.eslintrc.js`  and `.eslintignore` files from the theme root (if they exist)

2. Add `eslint.config.mjs` file to the theme root with the following content:
```js
import config from '@eightshift/frontend-libs/linters/eslint.config.mjs';

export default [{
    ignores: ["public/**/*.js"],
}, ...config];
```

3. Install the required dependencies:
```bash
npm install @eslint/js -D
npm install @eslint/eslintrc -D
```

4. Add a `.swcrc` file to theme root with the following content:
```json
{
	"jsc": {
		"parser": {
			"syntax": "ecmascript",
			"jsx": true,
			"decorators": false,
			"dynamicImport": true
		}
	}
}
```

5. Make sure the project is using NodeJS version 20 (or newer). If deploying with GitHub actions you will need to update to `node: [22.x]` version in deploy config files:\
`/.github/workflows/deploy.yml`\
`/.github/workflows/quality.yml`
```

Reviewer 2: Looks like suggestions with triple backticks break GH lol, but the suggestion preview is OK.

Also, you shouldn't need to do

> 3. Install the required dependencies:
> ```bash
> npm install @eslint/js -D
> npm install @eslint/eslintrc -D
> ```
🤔

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, you're right about the packages 😬

```

Once you have made these changes, remove the `vendor` folder and run `composer install`.

### Update ES Lint config

**Migration time: ~10min.**

Depending on the state the project is in, you might need to allocate some time for fixing errors and warnings after updating the coding standards.

> ESLint configuration has been updated in Frontend libs 12 and a new build config was added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ESLint configuration has been updated in Frontend Libs 12 and a new build config was added.
```

To implement the changes, follow these steps:

1. Delete the `.eslintrc.js`  and `.eslintignore` files from the theme root (if they exist)

2. Add `eslint.config.mjs` file to the theme root with the following content:
```js
import config from '@eightshift/frontend-libs/linters/eslint.config.mjs';

export default [{
    ignores: ["public/**/*.js"],
}, ...config];
```

> 3. Add a `.swcrc` file to theme root, the file and its content can be found in the eightshift libs standard theme setup [.swcrc](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/main/src/InitSetup/standard/theme/.swcrc) file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Add a `.swcrc` file to theme root, the file and its contents can be found [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/main/src/InitSetup/standard/theme/.swcrc).
```
